all right Dave or David I'm sorry I
shouldn't assume you like being called
Dave anyway David
here's your 24 scale Chicago PD Chevy
Tahoe again as we discussed or as you
wanted this is built on the 2015 Tahoe
model I think it's a North Scott model I
forget actually who makes it yep North
Scott that's who makes the model and
it's pretty detailed I'm a pretty nice
model a lot better than the welly I
think I like the Jada better but Jade
only makes it in that 2010 all right I
think it's like an old 7 o 10 model and
I said this is the newer one in pretty
nice model still decals and everything
Ron you asked about running board
strobes and then about grill strobes as
well so then all that put in for you was
able to do those go ahead and open the
hood the two doors I can get buffer you
know under the hood here we go
so the hood does open door opens
obviously the lift gate opens as well
which is where the battery is at night
tucks in there pretty tight fit Center
pretty nice and I'm taking the body or
anything off to replace the battery sits
right inside I'll shut everything down
here one switch on the bottom right in
the where the spare tire is a tray on
the bottom right here I need to do some
painting underneath you see your custom
wiring order I need to finish that up
underneath the COS realize that they
will go and turn the switch on and run
over the details and when I get the
video finished all go finish that bottom
up needs to be cleaned up dude
again you asked for grill strobes I got
the grill strobes mounted I think how I
never had built one of these yet so the
nofa girl strobes would be possible I
assume they probably would be and as you
can see they are grill strobes also
lower air dam strobes those have a
pattern to them they are in on the same
board as the rear strobes on the lift
gate we'll go over that in a second and
you also want a flashing headlights
flashing headlights course a blue
rooftop strobe light bar
and for the interior I went ahead and
did my little tricks to the laptop also
added a screen on the dash make it a
little bit more realistic inside and
then also add a light to the laptop you
see that in there a bit easier to see it
in person
now comes the cool part these come with
blacked out windows so to put LEDs there
that's what I'm going to show through so
it a little deal on the back how the
Tahoe's normally have the lights on the
rear on the real police units it forgot
to cover them I was your blue strobes on
the running boards tucked away we turn
this off so you can see see up close
barely seal back under the door I was
telling I didn't know if they could be
mounted into there without being I don't
know how to say it I'm just kind of ugly
and look like out of there out of place
as you can see if you can see I'm tucked
away in there pretty nicely I said you
can't even hardly even see them they're
actually flush with the rear of the or
the backside of the running board until
they sit in there really nice not very
visible inks you'll miss that as well
they're tucked back in there if the
light hits just right might go see the
light color too
but anyway I didn't get them at it let's
turn this back on coarser running boards
like them strobes on this side blue
strobes and there's the interior from
this as well while we're back here
alright you asked for
flashing taillights so flashing
headlights - taillights and then course
your strokes now the rear deck strobes
what I ended up doing this is Cameron
Macy's look weird but on the rear deck
strobes I had to actually cut away snow
in the window in the rear and cut away
some of the metal and I have these
tucked away let's turn this off again
maybe see this a little bit better
you see I'm sticking out just a little
bit the Tahoe's I've seen on the street
have little pods that those lights set
in so what I did made two little pods
for you and have those attached under
the rear spoiler so if you look straight
down they're flush
they don't stick out real far that one
of them being looking proofs it's kind
of out of the way a little bit so didn't
want to look silly so trim them back and
rounded them off so they're the same
have the same curvature as the top of
the truck so obviously they're visible
from the rear as you can see they're
trimmed back pretty close so they look
really nice turn this back on again turn
the switch on them so as you can see
these have patterns to them as well
sitting here kind of a back-and-forth
wig wag pattern and you've also got
simultaneous flash and then like I said
the like a double flash wig wag my
camera doesn't pick them up very well it
looks like these are glowing it looks
like they're guess it's just the
reflection of the LED head in there
where you can see it done' i got it
finished up and just want to throw the
video up here for you my second is my
first one
I don't like building I'll be honest
with you maybe because it's just my
first one like the day that I hold much
better but then again i felt quite a few
of those so neat thing about these the
wheels do it's not curable though secure
more doesn't actually turn them but the
wheels are opposable as you can see seen
can have it you know you can turn the
wheels front wheels a little bit it
seemed like there was something else I
was going to point out that the Jada
doesn't have well I don't know don't
know what it would have been anyway
these mirrors aren't a little bit better
the Jada's are just plastic and kind of
melted into place I pop off and on roads
if these here we're kind of molded in
with the door so a lot sturdier mirror
on these and the Jada has overall it's a
pretty decent model again I don't like
messing with it like I said maybe just
because it's my first one but we'll see
we'll see how it goes I've got two more
of these to build so we'll see maybe I
like I'm better after the third and
fourth one so I appreciate the order
dated again like I tell all my customers
sorry it took so long it's just one of
those things I stay very busy with these
and my work schedule is kind of gotten
crazy with some FDA issues that we have
there so been trying to clean that up as
well so just involving a lot of kind of
at work and at home these models
I think it turned out great you're going
to like it looks a lot better in person
than it does on camera most of all my
customers say that when once they
receive their models oh yeah and once
again I appreciate the build and I said
look forward maybe doing the next one
for you man have a good one